# Question

Teacher P needs to go to the shop to buy n pencils as gifts for the children to attend NOIP. She finds that there are 3 different types of pencils in the shop, and the number of pencils in each package may be different, and so may the price. To be fair, Ms P decides to buy only pencils in the same package.
The shop does not allow the pencils to be unwrapped, so Teacher P may need to buy more than n pencils to give the children a present.
Now Teacher P wants to know the minimum amount of money it would cost to buy at least n pencils, given that the shop has enough of each type of packaging.

# Input format

The first line contains a positive integer n, indicating the number of pencils needed.
The next three lines each contain 2 positive integers describing a package of pencils: the first integer represents the number of pencils in the package and the second integer represents the price of the package.
Ensure that all 7 numbers are positive integers up to 10000.

# Output format

1 integer indicating the minimum amount of money Mr P will need to spend.

# Sample input 1

57

2 2

50 30

30 27

# Sample output 1

54

# Sample input 2

9998

128 233

128 2333

128 666

# Sample output 2

18407

# Sample input 3

9999

101 1111

1 9999

1111 9999

# Sample output 3

89991

# Description/Hint

The three packs of pencils are.

2 packs of 2 for 2;
Pack of 50 at 30;
Pack of 30 at 27.

Teacher P needs to buy at least 57 pencils.
If she chooses to buy the first pack, then she will need to buy 29 copies, making a total of 2 x 29 = 58 pencils, which will cost her 2 x 29 = 58.
In fact, Ms P would choose to buy the third package, which would require her to buy 2 copies. Although she ends up with more pencils, 30 x 2 = 60, the cost is reduced to 27 x 2 = 54, which is less than the first.
For the second package, although the price per pencil is the lowest, you have to buy 2 copies to get enough to distribute, which actually costs 30 x 2 = 60, so Mr P does not choose it either.
So the final output answer is 54.

[Range of data].

Ensure that all 7 numbers are positive integers not exceeding 10000.

[Subtasks]

The subtasks will give characteristics of some of the test data. If you encounter difficulties in solving the questions, you can try to solve only part of the test data.
